hold onto your friends, you might need them someday!
your friends need you and they never won't need you!
you have someone who cares a lot about you!
take some time to appreciate someone in your life! 
do something nice for someone today!
don't be hard on yourself for feeling bad, venting is part of moving on!
don't try to carry the whole world on your shoulders!
people won't hate you for accepting the help that they offer!
just because you can get better doesn't mean that you're not doing great!
your feelings aren't invalid just because someone else has it worse!
focus on the progress you've made, not on where someone else is today!
treat yourself like you'd want someone you care about to treat themselves!
never forget the songs that made you smile, and the songs that made you cry!
try not to let shyness stop you from doing all the things in life you'd like to!
it's usually better to try and fail than to never try at all!
remember that these things take time, but you'll get there!
there's always time to change the path that you're on!
if you try the best you can, the best you can is good enough!
celebrate your strengths!
forgive yourself!
express yourself!
acceptance is not resignation!
what would the best version of yourself say?
you don't owe anything to people who don't appreciate you!
sing your life! the things that you love, and the things that you hate! anyone can think of words that rhyme!
you're doing  a great job! keep it up!
you have a lovely singing voice!
give someone a hug today!
nobody is unloveable or truly unwanted!
someone will see you today and think that you are beautiful!
you are going to tell a joke that everyone will remember!
you are going to go on a date that goes really well!
you are going to blow bubblegum bigger than your head!
you are going to create something soon that you will be proud of having made!
you will brew a perfect coffee!
you will visit a haunted house without crying or screaming!
you will have a really amazing dream but forget to write it down!
you will find some change in the pocket of your favourite jeans!
you will drop your phone, but the screen won't crack!
you will find a seat on the bus!
you will dance to a song that you love!
the neighbourhood cat is going to befriend you!
whenever you encounter a cat on the street, pet it!
the early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese!
a happy family is an early heaven!
let your heart make your decisions, it doesn't get as confused as your head!
today you are you, that is truer than true!
an exciting time is in your immediate future!
happiness is hidden everywhere, you just have to look for it!
the best way to predict the future is to create it!
remember to breathe in and appreciate the little things!
the person who stubs their toe is the person who remembers that it's there!
if you meet the buddha on the road, kill him!
help! i'm imprisoned inside the machine!
garlic is not a substitute for personal hygeine!
you are not eating enough vegetables!
drink more water, it's really good for you!
take a long bath today!
make sure you're spending enough time outside! go for a walk today!
you should do that thing that you're putting off!
smile more!
a good breakfast will make the whole day better!
remember to excercise!
getting a tomato plant would be a good idea!
the fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live - moreover, the only one!
it's ironic, but you'll die in a living room!
why is it called an oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food?
you will die in a boating accident on january 28th, 2027!
your wife is going to leave you!
wash your dick!
communism will win!
it's ok, you don't half to use condam!
it's ok, you don't half to go to tharapy!
the skeleton war IS coming!